hi there
what are you making miffy's grandfather
is always making something what's he
making today
what could it be okay
I'm finished Missy
oh boy a scooter Thank You grandpa
what's he making now what do you think
it is little bird
what is he making what is it all done
Miffy
oh I see it's a bird feeder the bird
seemed very happy with it
miffy's grandfather is making something
else and Miffy is helping him what's he
making what is it
okay all done
Bow Wow Wow I know what it is it's my
new house Thank You grandpa what's he
making now
finished Miffy surprised
what a nice sleigh Thank You grandpa
what's he making now they're all done
Miffy what did he make is it a dresser
open it Miffy
oh I see it's a toy box I like it
Thank You grandpa